internal_docs/TODO.md, before:

# Don't have the stuff in `prologinator` namespace

Yea, just have in in user namespace. Should be doable.

Remove
    exports.pl

Remove prologinator module declaration from
    prologinator.pp

Remove all
    prologinator:
Maybe also remove all
    user:

Replace all
    :- use_module('../../build/prologinator').
    :- use_module('../test_utils/test_action_sequence').
with
    #include "../../build/prologinator"
    #include "../test_utils/test_action_sequence"

etc then I need to run gpp on the test file to preprocess it

# Maybe change all my actions to use '' instead of ""

Yea I am not sure but I ran into a problem with
load action with "" string trying to "resolved" by
resolve_action because strings are just syntactic sugar
using dots underneath and that in combination with me doing
my attributes with dots voodoo cause the issue xD.

Or maybe allow both but I transform wth meta-programming to
use '' instead of "" internally.

# set_attr and copy_attr consistentcy problems

First of all maybe I just need `set_attr` since maybe
it could be used like set_attr(@hp, @parent_id@hp)?

So yea about the inconsistency... I think it looks a bit
strange that set_attr is used like this currently
`set_attr(x, 1)` because x is an attribute but it does not
use @ syntax... I mean it kinda makes sense but I am not
sure if we can't do something that looks better.

# Allow define_action to take list as input

Actually only a list of actions should be allowed.

# Callback när attr ändras på sig själv eller annan.

Ska man kunna lyssna på när ett attribut 
ändras/updateras? Internt kan det vara ett dirty-fält som
lever en frame eller nåt.

# Move as much as possible into attributes

I.e. have as little as possible as fields on the Game Object

# Maybe an object HAVING actions is incorrect abstraction?

Because that coupling/abstraction breaks apart in some
actions (parallel_all, parallel_race and similar).

# Maybe id and attr_id should be separate?

So that you can for example spawn a new object (i.e.
function generator) that is connected to the same attrs?

# In stdlib I could maybe add some kinda persistent move

like support for dx dy:

`wait_key_down(w), set_attr(dy, -1), set_attr(dx, 0) `

# Make xod:validate/2 into xod:validate/3 with debug msg

Yup. It's very hard to see what's wrong and where.
I prolly need more debug messages etc.

# Rename object to obj

yup shorter.

# Add some setting via env or something to toggle validation

Add some setting via env or something to toggle validation
on an off.

# Wrap state in context

And just like in golang thread context down as FIRST
argument.

# Rename game_state to state and game_object to object

yup shorter that way.

# For forward execution I should have type validators

Yes, if ground then a thing should be validated with nice
error messages.

# Collisions not 100% implemented

The `Colls` field exists on game objects, but it's currently always empty (`[]`). Here's what I found:

## Current State

1. All objects are created with empty collision lists:
   - In `game.pl`: `game_object(0, tower, attrs([pos(5, 19)]), [...], [])`
   - When spawning: `game_object(ObjID, Type, attrs([Pos]), Acts, [])` (line 330 in engine.pl)

2. The collision detection code creates `collision(ID1, ID2)` terms temporarily but doesn't store them on objects:
```374:387:prolog/engine.pl
detect_collisions(Objects, NewObjects, RevHints) :-
    findall(
        collision(ID1, ID2),
        (
            member(game_object(ID1, _, attrs(A1), _, _), Objects),
            member(game_object(ID2, _, attrs(A2), _, _), Objects),
            ID1 @< ID2,
            member(pos(X1, Y1), A1),
            member(pos(X2, Y2), A2),
            collides_at(X1, Y1, X2, Y2)
        ),
        Collisions
    ),
    handle_collisions(Objects, Collisions, NewObjects, RevHints).
```

3. The design intended collisions to be stored on objects (per the design docs), but that isn't implemented yet.

## What the Colls field would store (if implemented)

According to the type constraint predicates, collisions would be stored as:
- `collision(ID1, ID2)` where `ID1` and `ID2` are integers (object IDs)
- So `Colls` would be a list like: `[collision(5, 10), collision(5, 12)]` meaning object 5 collided with objects 10 and 12

Currently, `Colls` is always `[]` because the implementation removes colliding objects instead of storing collision info on them.

Commit message:

split up resolve_action into more cases because default case was cancer. constrain player to grid!

internal_docs/TODO.md, after:

# Have an if where you don't need to specify the else path

It just accumes no action for the else path.
That's would be a nice for convenience.

# Remove trigger_state_change entirely and status from ctx

Because I am not using it and it's nice to remove stuff that
is not in use.

# Add a default execute_action_impl that raises exception

So I can see immediately if there is some action that is not implemented or added to the prologinator.pp file.

# Don't have the stuff in `prologinator` namespace

Yea, just have in in user namespace. Should be doable.

Remove
    exports.pl

Remove prologinator module declaration from
    prologinator.pp

Remove all
    prologinator:
Maybe also remove all
    user:

Replace all
    :- use_module('../../build/prologinator').
    :- use_module('../test_utils/test_action_sequence').
with
    #include "../../build/prologinator"
    #include "../test_utils/test_action_sequence"

etc then I need to run gpp on the test file to preprocess it

# Maybe change all my actions to use '' instead of ""

Yea I am not sure but I ran into a problem with
load action with "" string trying to "resolved" by
resolve_action because strings are just syntactic sugar
using dots underneath and that in combination with me doing
my attributes with dots voodoo cause the issue xD.

Or maybe allow both but I transform wth meta-programming to
use '' instead of "" internally.

# set_attr and copy_attr consistentcy problems

First of all maybe I just need `set_attr` since maybe
it could be used like set_attr(@hp, @parent_id@hp)?

So yea about the inconsistency... I think it looks a bit
strange that set_attr is used like this currently
`set_attr(x, 1)` because x is an attribute but it does not
use @ syntax... I mean it kinda makes sense but I am not
sure if we can't do something that looks better.

# Allow define_action to take list as input

Actually only a list of actions should be allowed.

# Callback när attr ändras på sig själv eller annan.

Ska man kunna lyssna på när ett attribut 
ändras/updateras? Internt kan det vara ett dirty-fält som
lever en frame eller nåt.

# Move as much as possible into attributes

I.e. have as little as possible as fields on the Game Object

# Maybe an object HAVING actions is incorrect abstraction?

Because that coupling/abstraction breaks apart in some
actions (parallel_all, parallel_race and similar).

# Maybe id and attr_id should be separate?

So that you can for example spawn a new object (i.e.
function generator) that is connected to the same attrs?

# In stdlib I could maybe add some kinda persistent move

like support for dx dy:

`wait_key_down(w), set_attr(dy, -1), set_attr(dx, 0) `

# Make xod:validate/2 into xod:validate/3 with debug msg

Yup. It's very hard to see what's wrong and where.
I prolly need more debug messages etc.

# Rename object to obj

yup shorter.

# Add some setting via env or something to toggle validation

Add some setting via env or something to toggle validation
on an off.

# Wrap state in context

And just like in golang thread context down as FIRST
argument.

# Rename game_state to state and game_object to object

yup shorter that way.

# For forward execution I should have type validators

Yes, if ground then a thing should be validated with nice
error messages.

# Collisions not 100% implemented

The `Colls` field exists on game objects, but it's currently always empty (`[]`). Here's what I found:

## Current State

1. All objects are created with empty collision lists:
   - In `game.pl`: `game_object(0, tower, attrs([pos(5, 19)]), [...], [])`
   - When spawning: `game_object(ObjID, Type, attrs([Pos]), Acts, [])` (line 330 in engine.pl)

2. The collision detection code creates `collision(ID1, ID2)` terms temporarily but doesn't store them on objects:
```374:387:prolog/engine.pl
detect_collisions(Objects, NewObjects, RevHints) :-
    findall(
        collision(ID1, ID2),
        (
            member(game_object(ID1, _, attrs(A1), _, _), Objects),
            member(game_object(ID2, _, attrs(A2), _, _), Objects),
            ID1 @< ID2,
            member(pos(X1, Y1), A1),
            member(pos(X2, Y2), A2),
            collides_at(X1, Y1, X2, Y2)
        ),
        Collisions
    ),
    handle_collisions(Objects, Collisions, NewObjects, RevHints).
```

3. The design intended collisions to be stored on objects (per the design docs), but that isn't implemented yet.

## What the Colls field would store (if implemented)

According to the type constraint predicates, collisions would be stored as:
- `collision(ID1, ID2)` where `ID1` and `ID2` are integers (object IDs)
- So `Colls` would be a list like: `[collision(5, 10), collision(5, 12)]` meaning object 5 collided with objects 10 and 12

Currently, `Colls` is always `[]` because the implementation removes colliding objects instead of storing collision info on them.
